very good how are you dear friends how are you
there family I hope you're having
a splendid day today we're going to
talk about a case that is going to make your
hair stand on end it's a case that is just
beginning to be made in Spain and it's a
famous actor in our country who is
doing and who has been charged in a
case of alleged homicide allegedly
he and his wife would have poisoned
her aunt to keep her
inheritance and the inheritance does not amount to
much more than sixty thousand euros or in other words in
total his assets do not amount to much
more than sixty thousand euros in the bank an
apartment and a couple of plots of land it's not that it's
little but it's not an amount to
gamble with and kill someone and
honestly in this video we're going to
learn about this case I'm going to give you all the
information that there is so far of
course we have to respect the
presumption of innocence because
everyone is innocent until a judge says
otherwise but the case and the data
that is on the table since
the secrecy of the summary has already been lifted looks
ugly and everything points to that the thing is
murky things are murky and in this video
we are going to see how far
a human being can go for it and when I
say money we are talking about levels
that I would consider can be
compared to a vice because we are
talking about amounts that are
not worth
ruining your life and much less ending
anyone's life it seems that it is
not that he needed it apparently
this person supposedly according to
the media took out all the money he had
in the bank in cash more than 100 thousand
euros that he had hidden in a sofa
in order to request aid from the
state a payment for poverty before
starting with the family topic I am going to
ask you please to leave him the
subscribe button it is absolutely free and in
this channel you will find out about all the
viral moves and all the
important events that occur in the networks and
in the world especially in the world of
television Luis Lorenzo is an actor who
worked in series such as 'la que se avecina'
and 'hospital central' it is not
nonsense they are very well known series in my
country  and I also participate in reality shows
like 'island of the famous' and
survivors last week after
several years of not seeing it on television we saw it again
but this time on the
news leaving a court
after being arrested in the city and due to
an investigation for the alleged
murder of an elderly woman, the aunt of his
partner over 80 years old
realize that we are talking about the
alleged victim who has been murdered by
poisoning was 85 years old either let's
see sincerely the human beings we are
lasting I think right now between that
age and how much we go to
100 you could have really taken care of her
if she wanted her inheritance and
waited a little bit I don't know they are very
crazy ideas that occur to me his partner
named arantxa niece of Mrs.
Isabel is also being investigated
for the same reason after being
arrested and taken to the court of
arganda del rey- in the city of madrid
where an investigation was opened to
both of them as suspects of the alleged
poisoning of the woman both had to
testify before the magistrates according to
the version of the authorities the
inheritance of Mrs. Isabel aged 85
I repeat is an inheritance of barely
60,000 euros I tell you it is not little but I do
not think it is worth kidnapping
anyone really I do not want you to
misunderstand me to murder anyone it is not
an amount of money nor do I have
two hundred euros in the bank nor do I have
two hundred thousand what I mean is that it
is not an amount that is going to
solve their life and it is worth
ending up behind bars as will probably
happen according to several media Arantxa
Louis's partner invited her widowed aunt
a year ago to their house they lived in
Madrid and Mrs. Isabel lived in
Asturias Isabel's family
especially her brother Jose suspected
that something strange was going on here it was not
very normal for his sister to move to
Madrid when she did not like living in the
city and she did not have a ties with
her niece that were extremely
affectionate and the straw that broke the camel's back is
that while she was in this home
living as a guest the couple did not
allow her to speak to anyone to the level that  the
old woman's brothers would get
in touch and call the house and
try to get in touch with her sister and it
seems Louis and his wife wouldn't let her
talk to anyone they wouldn't put her through calls
the niece came here with them a lot she was
fine they took her
with her
[Music]
after leaving for Madrid the other one
started with some and others she started
taking her to Madrid
and she had a Madrid at once but then she
came back and wanted it the next time
I was afraid to go
to her
because not the first time that was I don't
see things the second time she went
and forced everyone according to what they say
the money mind you the summary talks about
that on one of the occasions in which they
took the old woman to Madrid the
old woman managed to escape and returned to
Asturias thinking only 35 kilos
both the lady's family and
many neighbors found it quite strange
the fact that the lady without warning
absolutely anyone and suddenly in the
middle of the night set off and left her
house to go live with these people in
Madrid when the brother tried to
get in touch  with this couple
so that they would pass the call to his
sister and at least know how her
health is and if she is okay they
had arguments in which he
threatened him if he did not stop speaking with his
sister to report her missing or
kidnapped and they responded in a
contemptuous manner and threatening to
report her also when she had already been
several months without communicating with her
family Mr. Jose decided to notify
the authorities of his
sister's disappearance to the point that the civil guard
came to the couple's home
to verify that the elderly woman was
in good
health or at least and the couple told
the guard that the elderly woman was
in perfect condition that she was
fine but that she would not let them check what she would
not let them pass and it is that they were
within their rights because the police and the
civil guard cannot enter your house
to check whatever they want unless they
have a court order which was not the
case but you tell me if
the civil guard comes to my house asking me about
the health of someone in my
family because there are relatives who are
worried and are reporting a
kidnapping or a disappearance I will tell them  I let it
go and show the grandmother, the
grandmother or whoever they are, whoever they are
asking me about, obviously in this case
of very strange things according to the
investigation, the couple would have
found the old woman dead when they arrived
home, the old woman was with a
caregiver and it is assumed that she died between
8 and 9 at night but the
call that is registered to the emergency service
to report the death of the old woman
is not until twelve thirty at night,
not only during the
lady's stays at this couple's house, the
increases in expenses increased
enormously without any justification,
both from movements that
came out of the lady's account,
expenses and luxuries that the
couple allowed themselves or hockey diario has
announced in an article that the same
day of the lady's death and even
that the same day of the lady's death there
were up to seven
bank transfers from the lady's current account
to the account of these people,
transfers that add up to a total of almost
ten thousand euros to which we have to
add another transfer the morning
after the death with which they would
add up to almost 12 thousand in fact the
authorities  they quantify all the money
strangely taken from one account to another
at about twenty or twenty-five thousand euros
the move is that as you can imagine it
is very strange that the lady on the same
day she dies on her deathbed
starts making crazy transfers to
the account of these people and they would have to
call the ghost cases to
explain the transfer of the
next day not only is it reflected
that these people have access and control and
authorization in the movements of
this woman's account but apparently they do
everything both the will
and signing the authorizations and giving the
bank codes to these people at the
time that it seems that the neurologist
says that she has dementia an
illness and it seems that at this moment
little rush for the lady to sign some
powers that allow him to use the
bank account of the same and
curiously changes and makes a will
in which his niece would be
universal heir and would inherit the bulk of his
assets is real and it happened
things as they are according to what the media tell it
this man already has a history of
having shown to be quite
obsessed with the economic issue of
wanting pasta at all  not only have his
ex-girlfriends come out
accusing him of scams and asking for money
and being greedy and mean but there's also
a story being told that Luis
Lorenzo had been after
Carmen Lomaa for a while, that he hadn't
managed to stay with her or anything like that
but that he actually had the intention of in
fact treating it like some kind of
obsession to get close to the socialite
to enchant her and seduce her with his
bearing and his education Carmen the
human as you know doesn't mince words and does
n't mince words and has given her opinion
on this matter
and it's very bad and very stupid for what
because what they've done is very obvious
this lady when she was behind
at first because of her age the
condition in which the
lady was found it was ruled a natural death
due to normal complications for
someone 85 years old her body was taken
to Asturias with her family they already
suspected how it was being told about the
couple because of the strange way in which
everything had happened during the burial
and the mass and all this about the lady where
the couple was also they say that they
seemed very  affected by her death
arantxa at the funeral gave a short
speech where she thanked
isabel for allowing her to care for her
during her last days of life at that
time while they were mourning the death of
the lady several
outraged family members reproached the
couple but the couple even reported
well they had to end up reporting an
elderly woman with mobility problems
for hitting them during the funeral at that
moment was when at the entrance of the
church well part of the family
said to arantxa why don't you
answer the phone because I called and I
couldn't speak to my sister sorry the
other part said if it was okay do you
want to talk no but in a loud voice
even the parish priest has had to take
part in this case and speak out loud
saying that there was no more discussion there
and that you only came in this case to
celebrate the burial of sister
isabel and that after that everything would be discussed
but that no more voices were spoken she
inside the church jose isabel's brother
had the opportunity to
ask the judge to please
perform an autopsy on the sister although
At first it was difficult for the
judge to accept it, he rejected it because
the medical certificate
stated natural death. After insisting to
the judge and having him speak with the
Civil Guard, he finally decided to request
an autopsy, which was ruled on and
clarified that Isabel
could possibly have lost her life due
to poisoning. The woman had a
dose of heavy metals in her body
that multiplied by 200 the
normal amount that a person can ingest
based on what is found in these
metals in the food we eat.
A complaint was received in Asturias about a
relative of the deceased in
which he doubted that natural death that had been
ruled and in fact the
second autopsy that was carried out showed
traces of poisoning in the
corpse and also a high content of
poison
in the body over certain
months and certain visits that
the deceased had made to the home of the
actor and his wife because she had been
poisoned and a long time that she
spent with them. Media such as La Vanguardia
report that relatives of Isabel, the
woman supposedly poisoned by the
actor Luis  Lorenzo and his wife Arantxa
would have kidnapped the old woman in her
home without letting her communicate with anyone
else as we can see in this image
cadmium which is one of the metals that were
found in too many quantities
can affect the respiratory tract
as I say some of these metals that were
found in the autopsy in large
quantities we can find it in
some foods for example in
fish and in some drinks but not even
close or I mean not in those
quantities we are talking about metals
that are usually present in batteries and
in cells in fact here in Spain some
of these metals are prohibited in the
manufacture of these batteries to
avoid it could have been an old battery we do
not know here we have the complete order
that has leaked the confidential where
the freedom on charges of Louis
and his wife is requested they are prohibited from everything
that entails freedom on charges
while the
investigation is being carried out which by the way has been
extended to six more months because they are
giving indications and the authorities want to check more
things and as you can see in
this text you can stop the video
to read it more calmly if you want
but what it
tells you is that the  there are signs
that they could be the perpetrators of the
crime of which they are being accused
in fact not only is the perpetrator
talking about the possible crime itself but
also the relationship that could exist and
with the fact of the
bank transfers the money that they have handled
anyway what looks what looks bad all this
makes the court think that it could
be one of them and since they are the ones who
lived with Mrs. Isabel they are the
main suspects at the moment there is no
formal accusation against the
couple so Luis and Arantxa
are currently only being investigated and they went to
testify as part of the investigation
that seeks to establish whether it could be
a homicide or not in the following
text the court says that if it is a
homicide the
participation of Luis Lorenzo could be presumed due to
the unusual expenses of the couple
after moving in with them a
change in her will two
months before her death naming her
niece as universal heir and what was
mentioned by other relatives of
Isabel where before her death they
suspected that the
lady was being held in the apartment by
The couple was also prohibited from leaving the
country since they could be required or
charged at any time since the
investigation is just beginning and could
have a quick resolution if
results are found in the analysis
of the evidence. The Civil Guard and the
police searched the couple's apartment
in search of elements or traces
that could incriminate them for
Isabel's murder. Although
the results of the search have not yet been revealed, it
is true that the
secrecy of the summary has already been lifted, but there are details with
which the press and the people who
have access to it are being
quite cautious. For example, it is known
that there are several statements that are
forceful or at least that
touch your heart from
Isabel's relatives that could be
enlightening. But as I tell you, they
tell us many details at the moment there is
a lot of caution with the subject and I
insist that we live in a country in which, of
course, and luckily, we are supposed to
respect the presumption of
innocence until a judge clarifies and
says, hey, maybe there is some
explanation for all of this and it turns out to
make marriages  innocent even if it
looks ugly by arantxa palomino
luis lorenzo's partner isabel's niece and
also investigated for the possible
homicide of her aunt met louis
lorenzo is mediaset after coinciding
on the program buena ley in
2012 another of her aunts named chelo
says that the woman has no studies and
graduated at night because she did
not want to do anything this same lady
tells us that arantxa's 70 year old father does
not want to know absolutely
anything about her that he left her an entourage of
money because the girl wanted to live off the
story and it sank him financially and he
talks about not wanting to know about her
because she has had a very very bad time arantxa
has an 11 year old son from her first
husband and a 4 year old with the actor and
lorenzo chelo herself who made these
statements and her husband got married
were the ones who denounced the couple and
requested the investigation into the
suspected death of her brother and
sister in law isabel cielo denies the version
that isabel will live with the couple as she
says  In various media the poor woman never
lived with them as they are saying in
the media she
was always in her degree house this
couple says that on several
occasions it had happened that the couple
arrived, took the sister, spent
a few days in Madrid paying for some
things and then this same
lady returned in which she says that on one
occasion Isabel managed to escape and
appeared at their house weighing 35 kilos and
this lady who is also elderly is the
lady that the couple has reported
according to them for assaulting them during
Isabel's funeral and she of course
flatly denies it
what did catch our attention as an
anecdote is that in the morning
only the niece and then that same day
in the afternoon an obituary was put up and they
write the two posts of the same
person one with the family in detail and the
other don't be surprised because the truth is
that it was not expected
because of her appearance and theirs speaks
normally about a person she was very well
that she had a very good appearance and then it
calls a lot of attention is like that then she
goes to the bar that Moshiri runs
they commented that there had been problems in
the church that there had been arguments
between the family and we understood why
from the two schools both have
appeared this week to testify before
the judge and of course both have denied
all the facts says that they are innocent
that it has been a very big misunderstanding and they
hope that it is resolved soon and has
asked the press to please
respect the presumption of innocence and to
respect the issue because they have children
who could do a lot of harm
first of all I want of course to
Veracruz to all of us I
deeply respect your work but at
this moment I am going to make
absolutely no further statement it
was necessary to say that both woman and I
are
tried we fully trust in
justice and I ask for respect from all
media with the constitutional right which
is the presumption of innocence and I am
absolutely convinced that this will be
clarified I am
not going to say anything more obviously I believe
that it is a situation especially with
the children very complicated for the
minors and two absolutely respect for
anyone in any measure that is
necessary to clarify all of this will be
taken we are innocent our maximum
collaboration with justice to
clarify this situation as soon as possible and
everything that is being discussed
mediatically it is false to provide
documentary evidence well arantxa how
are you because they were saying do you want
at
least
on slvame that you know that the things
that are said on slvame must be taken
with a grain of salt but they are claiming that
some audios have come into their hands where you can
allegedly hear screams of the
lady being mistreated by her partner
the lawyer for both has also said that
they have not accepted the inheritance and that
at the moment it remains in the name of the
deceased there is only a transfer of
less than 30 thousand euros that was made as a
provision for some expenses but according to
the lawyer it has not been spent and remains
intact these less than 30 thousand euros is
what we talked about at the beginning of the
video transfers are in several it is a
very strange thing is that I want to think about saying
not having the comment box what
occurs to you because I would like to think about
why instead of taking 30,000
transfer 10,000 trans
why is that done of 600 500 5000 on the
same day on the  alleged
poisoning said he didn't know the
details of the investigation that we don't
know what levels of these metals there are
well on TV they're talking about a
level that multiplies by 200 the
normal doses that we should have in the body
based on what we eat that are not
compatible with the doses of metals in
a normal consumption he talks about that there may have been
a previous contamination and that we
should question many things it's
wrong to murder any person whether they are a
millionaire or not have a euro you
understand but of course when these
people take that step of risking it by
murdering someone you expect that they are
going to become a millionaire with that
money that he says is good it
will have solved their lives it has hit them
no no no no it's that this woman had
sixty thousand euros in the bank an apartment and
how many properties that they themselves did not
want it's strong greed or
desperation or maybe they didn't have
a euro and I need but but come on it's that it's
mind-blowing well precisely
money yes it seems that she had it was
found in the search of her house 127
thousand 25 euros hidden in the sofa there you have it
the police files that have been
published are files from the summary
that has been published around the world and the
strongest thing is that the couple asked for a
poverty subsidy since maybe they
were hiding this money and they didn't
have it in the bank to justify asking for
a payment well not only a
straw but also the light bonus
which apparently is an aid that the
government gives to people with less
income my mother is what I'm telling you how far
greed can go
of course we will inform you and we will
see what happens with this whole
creepy case also invite
some youtuber to talk about this topic
such as triumph that you already
know has been with us in
recent weeks and we have been talking
about the Ivn Escobar case so if you want me to
invite trigo let me know in the
comments box and if you want me to
continue reporting on this topic let me know
also I want to know your
opinion of course respecting all
the people in this video subscribe and
see you in the next
hug family
[Music]
ah